securing see all right keep talking
though shelf and don't go down if it's
all so badly we go Thank on the chair
that's the best player dad let's go I'm
pushing kicking for you guys do that
even caught once once and then my phone
died 20 carolina kitchen pick up always
one more oh it turned off your letters
one more movie movie oh don't kill me
now right let's go so keep you guys give
you an aggressive top cap pushy a
they're gonna be under 100 always ask
London England without give us up watch
out 1-shot evolve on Chelsea hey what
can a one okay once i saw what I saw
such good just destroy Swami Venu just
maybe it would make it he wanted me go
what's going on what's going on at
unicorn I from Gucci good shit with you
right job go see you see you see if one
side one side one shot come off come off
I know what I'm else no one any I'm go
see 21 shots 21 jar how are you pushing
gay okay fear apt to get cat someone get
cat if you can't make on why take me
down the food going on a wonder anyone
touch your gun pork at shogun sunday do
something me to proceed nice pussycat
fuck at way down one more name on the
ring to a to a to a Jesse listen I've
been aided me on fee these are their
Thank You Betty call a call that an 85
right man sorry dude all right stand on
a wall and woman a to talk all right
I've got a 1080 will change that you
were a 288 you sir let's go be baby baby
i'm doing i can never attain now I'm
push be sitting pretty jumpin up kicking
fear panic a jumpy I've got him I'll
take algin plug everything I've got
three sit this isn't a good shit guys
if one shot one shot one shot just out
front nice one person play the game
though they got one so much like you two
should did you go to delete you with me
Joe sale just help one more down one
more one more from me from me question
if you can I'm gonna go from kitchen
you're gonna get numbers before these
days you're gonna buy shotgun and rifle
same shit ok this is now night when a
consumer push out to a will a 1 billion
times I owe you 10 are three tell em
kill me I one stray cats okay Trixie
okay I catch you know Mike I don't wanna
come home when we're gonna see you later
one more one more face up on the API
from your trophies know all right fun if
they feel pretty hot car would try to
push it in pushing it one shot oh damn
it in the beginning I other tissue from
me watch your back I'm not paying for
this a 4.1 sky cute really huge will cut
meat at me let me also see anything all
i need to help Rolanda securing pro shop
I took over Oh keep one shot one shot
can be pro shop one quarter shot coming
brush up on one round damn it is 11
shotgun 80 once you're going 18 later
Mike garden I think it's me I'm just
saying hey these guys don't push for the
triple if I was done I'm gonna put some
immensely we've gotta push it once your
dog cat once your talk at Top Cat down a
gaudy lagged I'll be a top I'm gonna
neutral initial nice good chick good
fucking shit with a little money by the
2 and p 2 and p trauma or go to you once
you're gone easy on your they come in to
see sec hornady I motivate me down to
dance I'm pushy pushy teams to run with
pussy jump on that jump on a vehicle I
know you guys saw Sonny so he got me it
got me a crush on all my you don't let
out for many just it just takes money we
need my homeboy I don't get away camping
core
happening I what caused it I'm stunned
hey jennifer Stone be boys one specially
yeah one flight get 15 so welcome dealer
dr. game but one more be will mom be
like for next one gay gay gay he's grown
flip a blue barrel like play barrel oh
oh my god you're sure right with you get
if we can get this we can get let's go
let's go let's go it made amazing enemy
double need it I need it pushed wat SI
tengo we have let me he'll that come
with it I got nits off please that
Bachmann was one shot me don't know I
got a point of minus fool come on boy
the one second half oh what a half
please